## Packet-switches and Communication-links
On the web, the way for sending bits from one computer to another, are made with packet-switches and communication-links, where, the communication-link is the way the data will be transferred. If the data is being sent via Wifi, then the communication-link is radio-waves. If it's being sent via cables, the cable itself is the communication-link.
When talking about the packet-switches, understanding what is a packet is crucial, but not too hard. When a content is sent, normally it's not sent fully and once, actually, it is sent [[Streamming|streamed]], thus, each piece of the content sent, is considered a packet. What actually happens is that this little piece will get it's header written by the packet-switch, then, the one that did so, will try to send it to the target computer, but, if the computer is not on the current [[LAN]] then it sends the data again to another packet-switch, that then does the same.
Some examples of packet-switches are routers, that are defined on the Layer 3 of [[OSI|OSI model]] and Ethernet switches
## How it's sent
When sending the data from one computer to another, it's important that it's sent a way that is readable, that's why protocols exist, they define how things should be to work. When talking about some of the [[Protocol|protocols]] used to send data, 2 are the major ones: [[TCP]] and [[IP]]. Actually, when an End system, for example some [[ClientServer|Client or Server]], wants to transfer some data, it uses a socket interface, that specifies how this end asks the Internet infrastructure to deliver the data to the correct destination. In fact, the way it's sent is determined by a protocol, where, the other end expects that the receiver is listening with the same protocol. For example, a [[TCPClient|tcp client]] will expect that the listener will be running on [[TCP]] to understand that data correctly . In fact, there are a lot of protocols in the web. A good book that covers a lot of topics about it is: Computer Networking a Top Down Approach.